So now we're recording. Now we're actually recording in the thing.
Yes, and I can tell you on my side, I see recording and I see an uploading thingy.
That problem was between the keyboard and the chair.
Welcome to AVE Testing Podcast, your modern testing podcast.
Your hosts, Alan and Brent, will be here to guide you through topics on testing, leadership, Agile, and anything else that comes to mind.
Now, on with the show. Hey everybody, we're back.
This is AVE Testing Podcast, or sometimes the AI Testing Podcast, lately more often the AI Testing Podcast.
But we are coming to you from a new platform today because we have officially burned Zencaster to the ground.
It's gone.
Zencaster doesn't exist. It is dead to us. It has never existed. Any evidence to the other, or to the contrary, is false.
And the cool thing is I can talk about Zencaster and Zencaster's AI won't automatically shoot my stuff.
So, so, so, so, so, so, we're using Riverside FM. It's so far so good.
Listeners won't be able to tell because it's just, it's recording is recording.
All, all the magic happens in the mastering as long as I get audio at the end. I think I'll be happy.
Yeah, we'll see. I do think it's none of the things that we have accustomed to have occurred yet.
Actually, the really cool thing was I, Brent showed up and I could hear him and he could hear me right away,
which has never ever happened with Zencaster. So we're off to a good start.
I will let you know. I think it record either we're not recording or we've been recording ever since I logged in and I can just cut that part off.
And I don't know if when we end, like what happens? Do we, I don't know what happens.
I don't know what happens. It's, it's, it's a whole new platform. What I really want to know is here's a program.
I have nothing by the way on my side that indicates that we're recording.
Well, I have a little red, the tab in Chrome has a little red dot.
Oh, it does. There is a red dot. I don't wish that does feel more.
I had some stuff to talk about.
Nice. I don't know. But what's, what's, what's new with you? Anything new and exciting?
Uh, new, new, new, new Halloween. That was new.
I didn't, I didn't press it. We had, we had three trick or treaters.
Oh, really? Yeah. I figured out why. Cause I had to, I had to drive someplace.
And there was a massive block party about four blocks away, smoke machines and music.
That's where the, that's where it was happening. There was no reason to come to my house.
Oh really? How far away from you district are you?
You district depends. One train stop, maybe two miles.
Yeah, I don't know. Oh, one thing I have done, uh, since we last talked.
I went and saw a football game at Husky Stadium. I have never done that.
It's a lot to know. I found number one, the Husky Stadium.
We were up in the bleachers and I don't know. I don't know if it's it,
it was scary high and scary steep. I don't know if it's just me getting older,
but I've been up in like in the bleachers for T-Mobile Stadium.
And it didn't bother me as nearly as much as being up in the bleachers on in Husky Stadium.
I'm like, yeah, if I just trip and fall, I'm just going to roll.
My fat ass is going to rolly polly down the stairs and just go over the, the,
that would have been cool. That would have better on the news and everything.
But it was fun for me. The, I'm a big fan of marching bands at the college level.
Drumline is one of my favorite movies.
Such a weirdo. Yeah. If you have not seen it, it's a great movie.
So Brent, maybe you don't know this about me,
but I did drum core for about seven years.
So I spent the entirety of my summer for like seven years straight,
doing shows like that across the country.
It's you, high school, outside high school. So this was extracurricular.
Okay. Cause I remember, I remember vaguely some story around,
some, some authority figures say, Hey, Alan, you're, you're in the drum core.
And you at that point in time, knowing the square root of nothing,
but then figuring it out. Cause that's, that's your sort of super power.
I've seen you do this a million times.
You confidently left someone in the, in the eyes and said, yes,
that thing that you don't know, I know nothing about.
I just wanted to be away from my parents all summer.
And hang out with people my age and do things I probably shouldn't be doing.
I've done. So anyway, did you read my, let's,
let's have a podcast so much to talk about in its heart.
So did you read my last blog post? Doesn't matter. Come and talk about it.
Interesting thing happened because it ties into a story today that I want to
go over with you. So I got a comment on a blog post I wrote in 2012.
And I, I had to go look at the blog post and the blog post was the rise of the customer.
And it was all about in 2012 talking about how we could,
it was basically me fanboying Reese and, and from 2012 talking about how
only the customer can decide quality before we even decided that as a principle.
I was talking about that. It's interesting that came about,
but not probably not surprising. So I wrote more about that.
And honestly, I sat down to write a different post and I didn't like the one
I was writing. So I wrote that one. Just kind of whipped it out and got,
you know, it's like the less effort I put into one of my weekly blog posts,
the more people like it. So this was just blah, blah, blah.
Here's just read, read some thoughts.
But what happened was one of my old employees from way back when
contacted me and they were, they were at Qualtrics and were laid off recently.
But there said that post, that's what he said. That's what I do now.
I try and help people figure out what to try and help software teams figure out
what customers want. But what's that role called?
It's called a modern tester, of course, but it's not.
But I'm curious because you from the data science world and you are using
customer data to understand customers more is and sort of a question for you.
So I feel like a lot of companies pay lip service to putting the customer first.
They wave their arms and go, yeah, we care about the users.
We do things we think we do things that we think will be really cool.
There is not a single product or company had that I've ever talked to or observed
that didn't say they cared about the customer.
Right now, of course, the thing is, it's cheap to care.
It's expensive to act.
And so taking action is kind of what I look for.
You know, that could be you can't boil the ocean.
Right. And I would say from a data science point of view,
one of my bigger value propositions to my internal customers is that I help them prioritize.
So I was thinking while you were talking, then what is they going to answer my own question.
So his question was like, what is that role or is it the role in a good team is the role of everyone?
The role of the one who's looking at the data and figuring out the role that...
Just making sure you're really customer focused and not fake customer focused.
Like, how do you put it this way?
What are some heuristics or measurements or things you would look at?
Let's not talk about heuristics.
Principle number five.
Only the customer is able to truly evaluate and paraphrasing the quality of the product.
What would tell you if a team was living that principle?
Like, what are they doing? Is it something everybody does or they have certain people doing certain roles?
How is somebody... How would you know a team is following that principle?
Well, I'm trying to think through whether... I have an answer to your question.
I'm also trying to think through this in generalize.
If a team has a weekly... Actually, I'll put it this way.
If the PM in charge of the feature...
And these are all examples of the thing I'm questing for that would actually answer your question.
If the feature PM involved... A feature PM involved...
Has produced their own Power BI that is tracking the performance of their feature.
And it's not chock full of entity metrics.
That's a great sign.
If I can have a conversation with the PM and they can actually correctly define...
The PM, anyone, correctly define the difference between an entity metric and an actual metric.
That's a great sign.
Other angles... If they come to me and they're saying, hey, we had these hypotheses.
And this is what we did to validate it. And this is what we think is the result.
Can you look over and make sure we're okay?
Seeing visibility of a more formal A-B testing and hypothesis testing type structure.
That's another great sign.
Very similar to how... This, for example, one guy I work with a lot at work right now.
And what he does... Now, he's specifically focused on the PM org.
Part of your conversation reminded me... You started off talking about an old blog post.
I was thinking about an old presentation.
Do you remember the language you used to use around...
I'm not going to bother to look at the presentation right now, but it essentially was like...
Data apathetic, data oblivious, data centric, data driven.
That thing... Basically what it says is...
I forget the categories I finally landed on.
But what it says is, to what degree does leadership make decisions based off of intuition versus data?
And as we see that, we should see it become ultimately sort of balanced.
It's essentially people will still drive off of intuition.
But they will not come to success until the data also validates that intuition.
Because it's more important to be right than to appear right.
I have one guy I work with who is doing that for our PM org.
And honestly, it reminds me very much of...
I'm even forgetting the name of it.
The big events you used to do for tests.
But he does it weekly.
What he's trying to do is show examples of how to be data driven, data oriented to others.
Because as we know from orders of ignorance, you don't know what you don't know.
Yeah. I have a hunch. I'm just going to pop this out here.
I have a hunch we're not actually recording.
But I'm recording on my back up at least. So that's good.
So I was trying to figure out how I would know what's going on.
I saw you distracted and distant. So I figured...
I was looking...
I was figuring...
Well, I honestly figured something happened at work.
No.
But this is more disconcerting.
I'm going to...
You know, we're recording either way.
We're going to see what happens.
I'll figure it out. At least something's happening.
Speaking of work, let me tell you why I had a little time this afternoon right before our podcast here.
Oh, okay. Wait, wait.
Confirm that guest tracks are recording and uploading.
Look for a red dot recording indicator in the corner of their video frame.
Ah, crap.
So I'm a guest.
I think I'm a guest too.
So here's what I'm going to do.
So hold on. I'll be right back.
Ah, shit. I'm back.
I joined as a guest. I don't know how, but I did.
But now that I'm a host, I have extra buttons.
So I'm going to go ahead...
We have to begin there. We're not going to lose that.
But now we're going to record...
Are you sure?
Yeah. Now...
Oh, because you have some secret thing.
Now...
Oh, look, numbers.
So now we're recording. Now we're actually recording in the thing.
Yes. And I can tell you on my side, I see recording and I see an uploading thingy.
That problem was between the keyboard and the chair.
But I was able to fix it. So this is going to be interesting.
I will merge those two together.
So what I'm curious in is I will use my backup recording,
which is going to have just your recording over USB on a separate track.
So I'll use that and then I'll hook this in later.
I'll switch over to this actually recorded track from Riverside later.
I am curious. There may be a little bit of a difference on yours,
but I'll let the listeners do. I'll master everything the same.
So after I record, quick little behind the scenes.
Behind the scenes. Behind the music.
Not like I'm VH1. Behind the scenes of...
Sausage Mekeen.
Behind the scenes of the B-testing podcast.
So I do some compression. I do some EQ.
I do some volume normalization.
And then I cut out all the dumb stuff we say.
So I'm trying to make the sound slightly smarter,
which is basically impossible.
Not because we're so smart. Because we're so dumb.
And then I put the front and the back on.
Maybe some sound effects, depending on what we're doing.
I maybe bleep some things out. Maybe not.
And then that gets published.
So I will see after all that if the beginning sounds different from the end.
But I'm so excited. It's actually truly working now.
I'm not going to be distracted anymore.
So this afternoon, I don't talk much about the day job.
And I'm going to abstract it out.
But I can't say I programmed.
I don't get to do that anymore.
But I had a little... Someone asked me a question.
And there is...
The answer was hard to give.
Not because the answer was hard to give.
They wanted me to get a list of users from a certain enterprise application.
So I can look at those users in the application.
But I can't export them.
I can do screenshots.
So I thought, huh, this is what we do.
I thought, I wonder if there's an API. And there is.
So I thought, well, I better give myself a little token.
And I made an API call to get the list of things,
which didn't give me the full list.
So I had to jQuery the output of that API call to JSON.
And so I could take a parameter and put it into another API call.
But first, I had to strip the quotes from it.
So I could call the other API to get the actual thing they wanted.
But that's done. And it works. And it's convoluted.
And it reminds me of all the cool things I used to do back in the day.
Just little 15, 20 line shell scripts or batch files to solve a problem
that probably has been solved 10 million times before.
But I got to do it myself. And it was fun.
I should have used co-pilot.
You had the vague glimmer of the days when you were still using it.
Exactly. Exactly.
That's, there's a lot to that.
Up until I'm definitely much more management overhead these days.
But I always like to find the work that was important,
but not critical or not time bound.
Even going back to teams where I was a little more hands-on,
I would pick up work for the team that didn't have it.
It was important we do it.
I'm not going to do unimportant work because no team should ever do that.
I found things I could do that didn't really have a deadline
or the deadline was so far off.
If I got stuck and couldn't get to it,
I would have time to pass it off to someone else to finish.
So I kind of missed that.
It's important. We should have a way to do this,
should have a way to answer this question they asked me.
There was no deadline on it.
I told them it was hard.
Actually, I replied to them right away.
There's no way to export this.
I'll look at the API and see if there's a way to do it.
I could come back and say, no, it's too hard.
But it's done. So I got the answer they want.
But I felt remotely useful.
And your title is still VP, right?
Well, that's my title.
Yeah. I mean, it's fantastic.
I mean, there's not very many VPs that I.
Oh, there's like, I know.
And I have a lot of Microsoft have like 500.
I remember once in the 90s, I won't call any names out,
but a very well known senior developer at Microsoft called
out the fact that we had exactly 52 VPs at the time,
one for each card in the deck.
And I think he even had an opinion.
If we got two more, which ones would be the Joker?
Yeah. I remember in terms of what you're talking about,
the 52 VPs running that I remember way back when,
when I moved to level 64,
it was in the 90s though.
And I protested.
I was upset with my manager around the idea that he was going
to promote me to level 64.
Nowadays, level 64 is sort of the top end of our senior land.
Same as when I was there.
But, but I protested it because I was like, I went to,
I had gone to career and when I got promoted to that level,
I went and looked at career.
Career is the internal job.
And they were.
For translation.
Right. Thank you.
And at that time there were only five openings at level 64
in the company.
Notice I did not say test or dev or PM.
It's because that was not part of the filter.
There were five openings.
And I'm like, I don't know what you're promoting into me.
My point is, is back then the level 64 bar is kind of very
similar to the bar today,
except I'm several levels higher now.
And the principal title, it's great.
There's a sort of, um, I don't know what to call it.
Delusion.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just old.
Yes.
True.
Right.
Back in the day, right.
Back in, back in those days, right.
We were also a much smaller company.
Right. So.
Yeah. Interesting.
A quick, quick plug.
If you want to translate those weird Microsoft levels,
uh, there's a story behind why they're such high numbers.
We, we had a previous leveling system in the old days.
They're actually very similar to a lot of other companies as far as
numbers go.
But, uh, they wanted a new leveling system to break them out a little
bit farther and to make sure there was no confusion.
They made the numbers significantly higher so I can entry level,
uh, engineer out of college is like a 59 bill was like an 82.
Anyway, that was FYI.
I would go there to compare those with companies where you are
companies where you know, cause it's, it is kind of confusing
company to company knowing, uh, like those Microsoft numbers sound
weird.
But the thing is around the VP thing, right?
Getting to level 70 is automatically VP that Microsoft. Yes.
So we, we apparently have grown as a company because you know,
Microsoft still is very cognizant of, of payroll budget,
particularly at the high levels.
So my current operating belief is that we have still that we
have grown, uh, so much that we are quite confident at being
able to support that there's degrees of the 500 plus VPs at Microsoft.
And, and, and I don't actually know the number, but you know,
our, our good friend James Whitaker used to say that anybody at
those levels, anyone of our senior level people, cause we,
I know it's better now cause you tell me it's better and other
people I talked to who I trust more and like more tell me it's
better and becoming more fair there.
But as you know, when I was there, one of the things that drove me
out was I was just tired of dealing with the executive egos
and suck up ary between a lot of those folks.
I just in the last couple of weeks encountered,
encountered the old school, uh, it'll happen.
But the one thing I liked that, that the finished my story
here, uh, that Whitaker used to say was that everybody at
those senior levels and above should like every year,
every two years should have to interview for and get accepted
to another job. Cause his, his big premise was those folks had
been Peter principled up and could not get a similar level job
anywhere else in the industry.
They were only that level cause they're at Microsoft because
they talked to the right people.
I'm not sure if that's a great idea because if you make people,
that's a weird thing to do.
Like, are you one of those Microsoft people just trying to
prove your worth?
Uh, but the conceptually though, he was right.
There was, there were people in those roles that my dog is
really sad cause I didn't feed her dinner before, um, before our
podcast.
So I definitely liked the, I mean, we both know James, right?
He, he adores hyperbole.
Yeah.
Uh, I mean James without hyperbole would just not be James.
I went and saw his history of beer talk at his, um, uh,
one of his breweries.
Yeah.
Or is this actually another brewery?
It's a beer shop.
They take a lot.
It's really cool idea in Kirkland.
They have a lot of beers that are, uh, just made by small
places, but they, they feature them there and they're,
I had two different ones and they're both fricking excellent.
It was very good.
Okay.
We almost, we almost did a team event this week there,
but we chose to go to a tight place and stuff.
If you ever decided to take your team to Capitol Hill for axe
throwing, that's like five, five, 10 minute walk from my house.
Yeah.
You know, I'm going to kind of wait for the, uh, the fad to end on that one.
Um, anyway, what I was going to say is, you know, I don't know,
I don't know that I like, like obviously James's stuff is hyperbole,
but the spirit behind what he was saying is, yeah,
there is a tendency for Peter principle.
I do think there needs to be a incentive, right?
People at that level, in some regards we don't want to lose, right?
Because they have the knowledge, uh,
and the experience to really drive things forward.
But we also want to make sure that they are using it and providing ROI
back to the business constantly.
I don't know that they have,
I think we talked about this podcast before, uh,
Peter principle is absolutely been proven to be a thing.
I think it was, uh, one of the Nobel prize winners,
I think from 2010.
That was one of their things is that they prove Peter principle is
absolutely a thing,
but most companies have not found a way to deal with it.
Right? It's, it's no, that's rapid.
Let's not really promote them until they're useless and let's get rid of them
and abandon all of the knowledge, all the experience that they,
that they can bring to bear.
No, let's, let's, let's not,
let's figure out a different way to not throw the baby out.
Actually give Microsoft some credit here.
They're actually better than any company I know at dealing with this
at some level,
because they're the only company I know is once you get to partner level
at Microsoft 68, it is not a permanent promotion.
I know a good number of people who have made it to that level and then
then drop back,
drop back down a level because either they weren't performing or there was no
business need for them to be at that level.
It's only at a very, very senior level,
but I don't think you can get away with that at like,
I guess, I guess at what point are you Peter'd, you know, level wise,
is one thing to figure out, then figure out what to do with it.
I think, yeah, that's a tough one.
The other, the other thing too, that I kind of,
I kind of honestly think about is that there needs to be more holistic
analysis of these folks.
Yeah. If you, if you've Peter'd and it's interesting to turn it into a verb,
but if you Peter'd,
why isn't it a common practice to then move you back down a level
where you were thriving?
That, that I never quite understood that philosophy like, okay,
let's, let's, let's promote them up because we think they're going to rock
star there. Oh, we were wrong. Let's put them back.
Think about the person that that's not an,
not always an easy thing to do.
Think about if you're promoted to level X plus one and you go,
yes, yes, I got promoted.
And this six months later, you're letting go.
You know what? We're going to put you back down a little.
Do you take, do you take pay away when you do that?
I think you would have to.
Yeah. That that's a tough pill to sell.
Well, no. And I think it's a, yeah,
I think it's a tough pill to sell right now because it's rare.
Right. And it wouldn't be viewed as, as, as punitive.
Yeah. Right.
So I think, I think if we found a way to do it and such that it was
commonplace, right?
People, people do still have the ability to create predictable lives.
Like if you, if you get promoted and this is hyperbole,
but let's say you make 50 K a year and then suddenly you get promoted
to something where you're making 500 K a year and you know,
how much time does it take for you to get used to that,
the spending at that level.
And if you were to lose that, right?
Because I don't know that I've seen so many people go, whoa,
I'm super rich right now.
And now I'm going to go buy a $50 million mansion.
And then, you know, the whole thing falls apart.
Yeah. I don't know.
I think if it were more commonplace and everyone knew that, yeah,
there was a business practice where you,
you could end up going back down a level and with very little
friction. I would love to see what,
how that changes people's behavior.
Yeah. I, I, I don't know.
I would love to hear from listeners.
I don't think anyone's going to like that idea.
I will tell you if it's like for me personally,
if it's a choice between a layoff or a down level,
I'll take a down level.
100% of the time.
Yeah. I think in this market, especially,
I think in a different market, maybe not.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know if I like that, Brandon.
I still think even in a different market,
I would take the down level and then I would go and explore my
opportunities in the open market.
I, I always prefer my employment choices to be in my hands and not my
companies.
Yeah. I got to think about that.
And what does chat GPT say about that?
I no longer have, oh, no, I do have it up. Sorry.
What's your question?
I don't have a question.
Okay. What?
Smart is Brent. That's kind of what you, that's summary.
Okay.
Not very smart because it decided that what Brent meant was Brent
crude oil. Yeah.
And speaking of, of Brent, I did something this last couple of
weeks and I'm about to do it again.
Actually, I'm already starting it again.
I think you did this long time ago.
I finished the Phoenix project on audible.
Oh my God.
So you know, you know all about Brent now.
I do. Right.
It, it, it, every time the leaders like, well, what's causing
the project to Brent, right?
I cringe every time.
But the other issue is with the, so you, you've read the story or,
or audible. I don't know.
I've read it a couple of times.
Okay.
I'm going through my second time.
And I will say, I don't know.
I don't know why when it came out on the podcast, you didn't
look at me straight in the eyes and say, what you, you, I have
teased you about being a Brent.
I am not.
For those who haven't read the Phoenix project, the
protagonist, like not the protagonist, maybe he is a
protagonist, but the, but the bottleneck in the system, the
thing that everything has to go through that makes the book
is kind of the cornerstone of the book is this buffoon
named Brent.
He's not okay.
He's not a buffoon.
He's just, he's an owner.
He's in charge of everything.
He owns everything.
All decisions have to go through him and he's super
stressed because he owns everything.
No, no, no, no, no.
You're talking about though.
Brent is the IC who is the hero of the organization.
Who's I thought, I thought Brent was the, are we, are we,
we have two different views of the same person.
Who's the bottleneck guy?
Brent says the bottleneck guy, but he's, he's literally
the only one who knows everything.
Yeah.
He's the individual contributor and the problem.
I think we're just, we're, we're interpreting his role
in the story in two different ways.
No, but he wasn't, he wasn't one of the leaders.
The leader was built.
No.
Okay.
Anyway.
You're going to bring leadership or what, anyway, go on.
What's your story?
Everyone go, go, go read the Phoenix project.
So Brent was trying to, Brent is, is, is one of those
people who knows everything, cares about the business,
tries his best and gets interrupted a lot because
he is the bottleneck.
He's the only one that knows a lot of this stuff or even,
or in some regards, he may not be the only one that knows,
but he's the fastest at it.
And so Brent gets dedicated to these really important
strategic projects, but he's also the one that gets
the most interrupted.
And so he's talked about a lot of leadership as,
in terms of dropping the ball and leadership has to
constantly, you know, his leadership has to constantly
defend him because like, no, you guys are keep interrupting
him.
But then it does come down to the fact that's really,
the problem doesn't, isn't having to do with Brent.
Brent's just trying to keep his head above water.
The issue is that leadership has not created a process
to scale knowledge work, which is something we've talked
about a bajillion times here.
But I got to say, I went through, went through it once.
I'm going through it again.
And I'm just like, yeah, this, this, like, there's a
character in the book called Eric and Eric is like the
sage con bond distributor, but he hasn't really let them
know that that's what he's doing.
Dude, I want to take Eric out to dinner, buy him drinks.
Like I'm just like this guy, actually, you know what?
I wonder if they made the character Eric after Eric Reese.
Anyway, I've listed it once.
I'm already going through it the second time.
I am finding it still very relevant, right?
As you know, I've been certified as an entry coast
for forever, but did you ever read the goal?
That is on.
That is the next one up on my list.
And it came straight from the Phoenix project.
Right.
Because the Phoenix project is just a mod.
It's a rewrite of the goal.
It's not only it's not just to the theme of the off of
the goal, but they also brought in other other principles.
I have also downloaded the unicorn project.
I have not started behind.
I need you need to join a book club or something and get
caught up.
How do you even function in the world without having read the
classics of software development?
I don't have time to read, but you know what?
I'm on audible now and I don't know that I'll ever abandon
that subscription.
Yeah, I am just finally I got a brand new book.
Something I'm really passionate about boring building
evolutionary architectures by boring McBoreface.
And I'm like, how am I ever going to get through this?
So I am finally getting caught up on podcasts.
So I don't know that I'll do audible books.
I like to listen to podcasts and read books.
I need something besides alcohol to put me to sleep at night.
You could just listen to our podcast.
Maybe, especially this one after I stitch it together.
I don't know if you ever listen.
You used to listen to our podcast after I published them.
I don't know if you do anymore, but I do magic.
You wouldn't even recognize what I do.
I do listen to it.
As the conversation we had.
Yeah.
I will say I'm not as consistent, but the ones where I know.
Okay, that one was really F.
Let's see how Alan handles it or the ones where obviously I'm
I'm concerned.
Like I briefly forgot that Alan records everything and this
could show up in the bloopers.
So sometimes I put bloopers after the after the end.
So one last thing before we go here, as I mentioned in the
last podcast in my little overdub Zencaster who I don't even
know what it is.
I can't remember what they make, but it did very badly for us.
Lost a big chunk of our audio.
So we're not using that anymore, but I do want to have
Jason back on sometime and finish that conversation.
There's some more we can talk about.
It's very much fits in in the AI testing podcast,
but also we are looking at we meaning me because I'm the
producer editor of this podcast.
Other guests, other guests we can have on.
So if you have suggestions, please let us know.
We still got to get Nicole for us.
Oh, right.
There's a couple other people I'd love to have on, but
we'll figure it out later.
I want to throw any names out here.
So if you have to just let us know, we are.
Can't see.
Let's see if we can get Jason.
Let's see if we can get Jason quickly because one of the
things that we ended it.
I would really love to hear him talk about AI and ethics.
Yeah, let's have an AI and ethics discussion because we've
talked about a little bit.
I like to hear where he's at on that.
I think there's a lot to do there and then we'll get that
going.
Well, we'll get that hooked up here.
We are counting down to episode 200.
This is episode 189.
We're going to get there sometime in the new year.
I believe it.
Yes, it's one in nine.
Brand gave me a look like you can't count.
I did just look on Apple podcast to see you to double
check the number and I do see that we have we're up
to 24 ratings with a 4.8.
I'm not sure who didn't give us five, but whatever.
So I'm Apple.
Yeah, it's a lot of the three logging in multiple times.
Oh, it looks like one or two people gave us a one star.
We have all five star or one star ratings.
So nice.
Are the comments on the one star?
No, probably not.
We just have the three with words.
So anyway, if you please give us go to Apple podcast
apple.com.
Give us any rating you want, but especially if you're
a one star, tell us why and we will make sure we do
more of that.
Yeah.
If it's something like, oh, these guys are completely
wrong.
Yeah, we're dumb because we care about quality and not
over testing.
Yeah, that's all right.
Well, let's call that a day.
What again?
Episode one to nine.
My dog is crying.
I'm gonna go feed her.
I'm Alan.
I'm Brent and Brent's typing while he talks and
we'll see you next time.